Draft: feat(vpc): doc for GA (#1806)
scaleway/docs-content: network/vpc/reference-content/vpc-migration.mdx

## VPC GA: What does it mean for Private Networks?

As summarized in the [table](#overview) above, now that VPC is in general availability, you can no longer create new zoned Private Networks. All Private Networks created from now on are regional, exist inside a VPC, and have integrated DHCP.

There is also an impact on pre-existing Private Networks. There are two aspects to this impact:

- **Zoned > Regional**: All pre-existing zoned Private Networks have been automatically migrated by Scaleway, and are now regional Private Networks inside a VPC.

> - **DHCP activation**: Prior to VPC GA, DHCP was not itself present on any pre-existing Private Networks. It was instead a feature of the [Public Gateway](/network/public-gateways/concepts/#public-gateway) which could optionally be attached to a Private Network and (if DHCP was activated), automatically asign private IP addresses to attached resources. When VPC went into GA, DHCP functionality was moved from Public Gateways to Private Networks themselves. **Whether or not DHCP has been automatically acticated on your pre-existing Private Network depends on the specifities of your configuration**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **DHCP activation**: Prior to VPC GA, DHCP was not itself present on any pre-existing Private Networks. It was instead a feature of the [Public Gateway](/network/public-gateways/concepts/#public-gateway) which could optionally be attached to a Private Network and (if DHCP was activated), automatically assign private IP addresses to attached resources. When VPC went into GA, DHCP functionality was moved from Public Gateways to Private Networks themselves. **Whether or not DHCP has been automatically activated on your pre-existing Private Network depends on the specifities of your configuration**.
```

| I have a Private Network, attached to a Public Gateway, but DHCP is disabled on the gateway.   | DHCP has **not** be automatically activated on your Private Network, to avoid any conflicts with your existing IP addressing.  <br /><br/>You should see a button in the Scaleway console inviting you to activate DHCP if/when you are ready. Note that activating DHCP is permanent, and there is no way to undo the activation, so proceed with caution. |
| I have a Private Network, attached to a Public Gateway, and DHCP is enabled on the gateway.   | DHCP **has** been automatically activated on your Private Network, and cannot be deactivated. We take care of IP management of your resources within your Private Network (see details above). <br /><br/>All the Public Gateway's leases are synchronized with the managed DHCP, so there is no impact for you and no action is necessary. |

> | I have a Private Network with my own DHCP server running on it | We assume that your network is therefore not attached to a Public Gateway with DHCP enabled (which would cause conflicts with your own DHCP server). DHCP has **not** beeb automatically activated on your Private Network, to avoid any conflicts with your existing IP addressing. <br /><br/>You should see a button in the Scaleway console inviting you to activate DHCP if/when you are ready. Note that activating DHCP is permanent, and there is no way to undo the activation, so proceed with caution. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| I have a Private Network with my own DHCP server running on it | We assume that your network is therefore not attached to a Public Gateway with DHCP enabled (which would cause conflicts with your own DHCP server). DHCP has **not** been automatically activated on your Private Network, to avoid any conflicts with your existing IP addressing. <br /><br/>You should see a button in the Scaleway console inviting you to activate DHCP if/when you are ready. Note that activating DHCP is permanent, and there is no way to undo the activation, so proceed with caution. |
```
